.TH "makedataset.cpp" 3 "26 Nov 2012" "Word Prediction" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
makedataset.cpp \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <iostream>\fP
.br
\fC#include <vector>\fP
.br
\fC#include <cstring>\fP
.br
\fC#include <string>\fP
.br
\fC#include <cctype>\fP
.br
\fC#include <cstdlib>\fP
.br
\fC#include <unistd.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include 'words.hpp'\fP
.br
\fC#include <map>\fP
.br
\fC#include <sstream>\fP
.br
\fC#include <fstream>\fP
.br
\fC#include 'filenames.hpp'\fP
.br

.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBusage\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBparseOptions\fP (int argc, char *argv[])"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBmakeRandomSentence\fP (vector< string > &sentence, int len)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBoutputSentenceData\fP (vector< string > &sent, int target, int \fBngramSize\fP, int count)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBmain\fP (int argc, char **argv)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Variables"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "long \fBnumTrainingSamples\fP = 0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBngramSize\fP = 3"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBwords_filename\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int main (int argc, char ** argv)"
.PP
Definition at line 91 of file makedataset.cpp.
.SS "void makeRandomSentence (vector< string > & sentence, int len)"
.PP
Definition at line 70 of file makedataset.cpp.
.SS "void outputSentenceData (vector< string > & sent, int target, int ngramSize, int count)"
.PP
Definition at line 78 of file makedataset.cpp.
.SS "void parseOptions (int argc, char * argv[])"
.PP
Definition at line 30 of file makedataset.cpp.
.SS "void usage ()"
.PP
Definition at line 21 of file makedataset.cpp.
.SH "Variable Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int \fBngramSize\fP = 3"
.PP
Definition at line 17 of file makedataset.cpp.
.SS "long \fBnumTrainingSamples\fP = 0"
.PP
Definition at line 15 of file makedataset.cpp.
.SS "string \fBwords_filename\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 19 of file makedataset.cpp.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Word Prediction from the source code.
