.TH "predict.cpp" 3 "26 Nov 2012" "Word Prediction" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
predict.cpp \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <iostream>\fP
.br
\fC#include <cstdlib>\fP
.br
\fC#include <utility>\fP
.br
\fC#include <algorithm>\fP
.br
\fC#include <string>\fP
.br
\fC#include <vector>\fP
.br
\fC#include 'words.hpp'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'filenames.hpp'\fP
.br
\fC#include <floatfann.h>\fP
.br

.SS "Data Structures"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBsort_score\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBusage\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBparseOptions\fP (int argc, char *argv[])"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetWord\fP (fann_type *input_vec, size_t word_i, string word)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBmain\fP (int argc, char *argv[])"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Variables"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "vector< string > \fBargv_words\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBnet_filename\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBwords_filename\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBmax_results\fP = 0"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int main (int argc, char * argv[])"
.PP
Definition at line 92 of file predict.cpp.
.SS "void parseOptions (int argc, char * argv[])"
.PP
Definition at line 36 of file predict.cpp.
.SS "void setWord (fann_type * input_vec, size_t word_i, string word)"
.PP
Definition at line 85 of file predict.cpp.
.SS "void usage ()"
.PP
Definition at line 28 of file predict.cpp.
.SH "Variable Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "vector<string> \fBargv_words\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 15 of file predict.cpp.
.SS "int \fBmax_results\fP = 0"
.PP
Definition at line 20 of file predict.cpp.
.SS "string \fBnet_filename\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 17 of file predict.cpp.
.SS "string \fBwords_filename\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 18 of file predict.cpp.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Word Prediction from the source code.
