.TH "tokenizer.cpp" 3 "26 Nov 2012" "Word Prediction" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
tokenizer.cpp \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <iostream>\fP
.br
\fC#include <cctype>\fP
.br
\fC#include <cstring>\fP
.br
\fC#include <string>\fP
.br
\fC#include <vector>\fP
.br
\fC#include <unistd.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include 'words.hpp'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'filenames.hpp'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'substwords.hpp'\fP
.br

.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBiswhitespace\fP(x)   ((x)=='\\n'||(x)=='\\t'||(x)==' ')"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBusage\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBparseOptions\fP (int argc, char *argv[])"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBmain\fP (int argc, char **argv)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Variables"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "long \fBskipSent\fP = 0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "long \fBnumSent\fP = 0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBtolow\fP = false"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBtreshold\fP = 0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBstats_filename\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define iswhitespace(x)   ((x)=='\\n'||(x)=='\\t'||(x)==' ')"
.PP
Definition at line 14 of file tokenizer.cpp.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int main (int argc, char ** argv)"
.PP
Definition at line 89 of file tokenizer.cpp.
.SS "void parseOptions (int argc, char * argv[])"
.PP
Definition at line 38 of file tokenizer.cpp.
.SS "void usage ()"
.PP
Definition at line 25 of file tokenizer.cpp.
.SH "Variable Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "long \fBnumSent\fP = 0"
.PP
Definition at line 17 of file tokenizer.cpp.
.SS "long \fBskipSent\fP = 0"
.PP
Definition at line 16 of file tokenizer.cpp.
.SS "string \fBstats_filename\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 23 of file tokenizer.cpp.
.SS "bool \fBtolow\fP = false"
.PP
Definition at line 19 of file tokenizer.cpp.
.SS "int \fBtreshold\fP = 0"
.PP
Definition at line 21 of file tokenizer.cpp.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Word Prediction from the source code.
